c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\bin\Debug\TickerWPF.exe.config
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\bin\Debug\TickerWPF.exe
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\bin\Debug\TickerWPF.pdb
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\obj\Debug\TickerWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\obj\Debug\TickerWPF_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\obj\Debug\TickerWPF.g.resources
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\obj\Debug\TickerWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\obj\Debug\TickerWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\obj\Debug\TickerWPF.exe
c:\users\kazuhirok\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\obj\Debug\TickerWPF.pdb
c:\Users\KazuhiroK\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\TickerWPF\TickerWPF\obj\Debug\TickerWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
